let's see here we should start covering
the topics we promised in the title
of the live show okay it seems to me that it would be
good for the public to start covering
the topics that we promised in the
title okay You're absolutely [ __ ] right
Alex El Capo uploaded a very
personal video on his YouTube channel yesterday where he
mentioned that he had a
shitty year When controversies in his life
became public and he got really upset Hey he
also said that the rest of the year had
been good and that in general things had
gone well live here's statement from
Chío about Alex El Capo exposing
intimacies Ah But this was a
while ago I won't do it
[Music] he's
blocked me Now yes
also crazy I mean but why all
these people because he defended Álex El Capo
No yeah we were reading this I mean
This chick started calling attention and
whining and she messed up Álex El Capo I do
n't even remember exactly the things
but it seems to me that he defended Álex
half of Twitter doesn't block you I don't know how I have
70,000 followers on Twitter What a good
service the others  70,000 have me
blocked we agreed with Alex no
this girl she looked a little she didn't
look weird I don't remember exactly
what he said if he's blocked you can
see it here he tells me the place the poor guy the
cats are mine they were a gift from a
previous partner which he never
took care of that I love them like they were
my children So stop telling me to give
them back because they're my cats let's
see if you think two cats that are
over a year old magically appear in his house I've
never thrown [ __ ] at anyone I've
told things how they happened unfortunately let's
see you've thrown it very clearly yes
dude he didn't insinuate dude something bad when I say
something ugly I mean something ugly ugly ugly
really no but I'm not talking about infidelity
something worse he insinuated something no dude super ugly
not super serious It's not that I don't remember
which of the tweets and which of
the accusations he insinuated something in a
powerful way the one who was two
two weeks ago in an affair with another girl
and two with mine and let me  in peace then I
talk about how he doesn't like to get into
controversy and that there's a part of being a
streamer that he doesn't like but that he doesn't
complain too much because thanks to that he
also has his life sorted out he talks
about his future and says that more or less
the damage plans to retire after doing
a couple of projects that they have in mind
So Alex El capo is telling you
that at 40 he plans to retire 40
years give them the field a decade ago
no What is the field he is not 40 years old he is
still a grandfather like you I mean but
Alex el campo is not 50 he also says
that what makes him most proud is that he has
n't needed anyone and that everything he's
achieved he has achieved alone and
that he sticks with that let's see is that true
eh in all honesty it sincerely doesn't
sound familiar to me cales el capoya climbed by to
cling to anyone's fame or anything like that let's see you
know that Alex is not
my favorite as God knows well
because unfortunately for me my life is
relatively public we just reached
75,000 subscribers on telesalseo  we just
hit 75,000 subscribers
on teles al seo kid how the hell do you
eat that and you see the being that you are
breaking it guys that I am getting
some brutal videos there Let's see let's
listen to Alex subscribe
to telesalseo everyone if you want to Support
your mother's favorite channel
The first half of the year has been complicated
until a little before August around there or more
or less until August it has been
easily the worst thing that has happened to me in my
life, well without any kind of
comparison to anything, well you see the worst
that has happened to you in your life
then it has had a pretty
nice life and the other half or rather until now
or the last eight months really but
well there are like two that overlap between
the worst and the best because it was like the
beginning of the beginning of what
is now Wow it has been Well the
opposite obviously a girl because
as you know although this is my job and
obviously I have to accept and understand
that part of my life is going to be public,
well it's not cool at all, I mean there are people who
like this whole thing that I don't
know about  that because we're
famous and we make money and I don't know what,
well, your life has to be a
[ __ ] show And all But my life isn't a
show my life in my life whatever I mean the
fact that Alex El Capo is famous and
you know that I'm always critical of
people and famous youtubers
when they start whining
because people talk about them On
gossip channels of criticism and such the fact that
you are a famous person does mean that
you have to put up with a certain
margin of criticism understands more than an
anonymous person of course not and that they
can talk about you give their opinion on the
things you do and so on but that your life
is a show It depends on what you've
sold on the internet it's not the same Maybe
a person who in their videos has
sold their relationship their breakup the
joints they smoke the drink they drink the
parties they throw is sick because they
have this disease I don't know what I don't
know how much they know a person who has
monetized their life has to put up with
people giving their opinions about their life I think
he is  the capon is not the case, I mean,
suddenly you bring up something about Alex El capo
in private Imagine that you see him At
the doctor and you find out that Alex El capo
has chickenpox, you can't put that on
social media because he doesn't commercialize his life, it
was his ex who exposed him for
the [ __ ] face by monetizing a live stream on
Twitch, so Alex would be
protected there, eh If he had wanted to file
a lawsuit We have already given our opinion
once that heaven has done it, that's
not our fault, we understand, I
never intended Nor did I ever want, let's go,
nor do I want my life to be a
show anymore, well, what my personal life is
and here live I tell you
many things but a large part of my
life And who I am that I don't tell
live, well, I mean, you know a part of
me and obviously Alex El capo is me, it's
clear, you know I mean, it's not a
character or a role or anything but
I am also many other things that you don't
see live So I have never
wanted my life to be a [ __ ] show,
unfortunately, and because of life's things, it has
been and that's it  It's nothing It's something
that happened I tried to take it the
best way possible but
well even so obviously I'm going to
have consequences from this year, well it's
been an issue for me I don't know if the
affection on a personal level and such But
in the media for me he didn't look bad
for me the one who looked terrible was I don't know
if you will come to an agreement with me
but come on it was pathetic everything all
her live do you remember pathetic we
made total affection But because it
would have affected him personally look at you who
are saying that it has been the worst
of his life do you remember I proposed to lose
three kilos a month that from January until
my birthday would have been 30
today I have lost 51 I mean it has gone better
I proposed it with other conditions well
and in the end well they have been what they have
been and that's it I was very well I don't know
how to explain this so that you understand it
well the fact that so many people tell you
that you inspire them and things like that is good and
bad because then if you fall a
lot of people fall That's why I have always
said that  you don't notice me I mean you
can use it as a starting point
like a few days if this
[ __ ] killed he's capable Well me too don't
base yourselves on what I do or what
Felipe does or what he does now and you or what you're
going to do I don't know ibai or what
none of us do whatever it may be it's
been a year of honey and the best
year of my life simultaneously I've
met people that I'll carry with me
forever the channel has suffered a bit
Consequently not for the worse I've changed
things and I've stopped doing things you already
know me I've left things that I liked
like the podcast And that's not because I don't like them
and the podcast will come back at some
point I've never never found out that
he is the field had a podcast you
know that in the end I do a bit what I
want and how I want and all that stuff And
by the way This is not because I know that there are
always a lot of people who say that they
say like I don't appreciate things or
that no that I don't care or whatever and it's let's
go the people who really know me
know I mean I don't care a
lot [ __ ] it takes  12 years I mean I
mean this is a third of my
life this YouTube channel my life and so on I mean
this is my life it's not said
gossip it's said little So the fact that I
don't say Thank you every two
microseconds doesn't mean that I'm not
grateful Or I'm not grateful
obviously to be able to the fact that I can
travel wherever I want in life
I know that sometimes because of how I say things
my tone or because I like a super
acid humor and Super millionaire eh I mean this
millionaire literally is the field right now he
has
8,500 subscribers that his followers give us to be
inspired by Javi No problem
8500 subscribers I think he has reached
15,000 or around double what he
has now but let's go that
this man hasn't won in the time he's
been around no the measure of viewers what
is it guys this one here would be the average
16,000 a lot of money is that on Twitch one follows one follows one follows
Greg
follows a lot of people let's see who
follows me you and I am nobody
then  look This
Javier Vera is live look xerox I have right now
but this is wrong no I mean zero I don't have let's
see maybe I have like 100 or
200 I don't know but like zero I don't have an average
of 190 viewers Yes it could be and
who follows me famous Well look at me follow
Juan Guarnizo follow me isaacter follow me follows me follows kuma
follows me Alfa
follows me papi Gaby follows me José Cristo
but if he messed with us he follows me it
won't be false the racist you can't see
who kills follow let's see if I hit
refresh Maybe others will come out no Or that's it
Those are the ones who follow me don't
follow me anymore Nobody It's that there are colleagues that
I find strange that they don't follow me here but
well going back to Alex El capo
let's finish watching the clip because
sometimes I don't say thank you or it makes me laugh to
tell you to go [ __ ] yourselves
and things like that but it doesn't mean that I do
n't appreciate it because I think I said
this I think I said it when I went to the
Jordi Wild podcast I sometimes feel bad about
the image I give  I don't do it on purpose I
mean even though some people think I do it on
purpose I can assure you that I don't do it
on purpose and people who know me in
person also know that sometimes it's really
hard for me I don't know how to explain it or
whatever it is I don't do it on purpose well
sometimes I know that I come across as
rude And all that but all this that I'm
saying I've thought about before I've cried
while cycling and now I'm here without
problems I'm going to retire at 40
probably I don't think that will change
much probably at 40 or 40 and something
we'll see but not because I don't like what I
do or anything I don't like it that much
but this job also has some
things that I don't like and there are things that I don't
like at all implications that I don't
like at all and so on at some point I'll
say enough is enough of having been here
and having gotten here on my own basically
always doing what I want and
not seeing anything from anyone you know or having to
thank people for
putting me where I am I mean what I've
done I've done on my own I'll
take that to the grave but come on it's like
my greatest pride obviously I won't get there
never to others to other limits never I'll
take that no no no to the tumbisima the
truth is I like myself better What's the hood you can't
say him that's edgy no to him he's
the field he's edgy he's a bit tasteless and such
No but no the truth is he's not a person
who has grown up climbing on anyone or
anything like that not owing anything to
anyone I don't think let's see who I can't think of
anyone let's see he's a friend now
after as a result of the internet friend of ibai
of I don't know who of I don't know how much But no
he hasn't grown for anyone he hasn't
grown for anyone the truth is
many people have grown for him
[Music]